Clarify server works with any MCP client (#7765)
fishtown-analytics/docs.getdbt.com: website/docs/docs/dbt-ai/about-mcp.md

## MCP integrations 

> The dbt MCP server integrates with any [MCP client](https://modelcontextprotocol.io/clients) with tool use capabilities. We have specific integration guides for the following clients:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The dbt MCP server integrates with any [MCP client](https://modelcontextprotocol.io/clients) that supports token authentication and tool use capabilities. 

We have also created integration guides for the following clients:
```
